And next up we have our gallery section where we're going to display images from our tours as well as
we're going to place it in the center.
The little Phantasm icon the search icon.
But of course you can see that again.
We're going to use a flex box or a car on layout.
So we're gonna start with a one column layout.
Then once we get to the bigger screen size we are going to have a two column layout and then of course
a three column layout.
Now I did add here the section as a background as well as the title but technically you could just skip
altogether and just place images.
Again it's really up to you.
I'm just kind of went with the same layout like we had previously but technically since we are only
displaying images we could just omit all that and then just have some kind of section with just images.
All right.
Now as always our journey is going to start in the age the email we have and the featured.
So let's copy and paste that then let's write different values of course.
So the comment is going to be gallery so in this case I'm gonna have to cursors I'm going to delete
this and let's just write gallery once we have this particular setup then there's going to be a section
with few classes.
So let's start with the class of section that is of course our generic section class.
Then let's also add a gallery that is going to be used for the background.
And I'm also gonna have the 80s just so we can click on the link and we can navigate to that particular
section.
Once we have all that this is something that is going to look like.
So there's going to be some kind of generic gallery section and then again let's look for our title.
So title let's look where is it.
Yep that's what I would want.
So let's copy and paste that and let's look for our gallery section now within the gallery section.
I said Let's copy and paste our title and let's write gallery as always.
If you are using a different layout would just images.
Of course you don't need.
In fact this title lets say that we do have our gallery.
That's number one.
And then right after the title there's going to be a gallery center center here.
It is going to be a div gallery center and then within this day.
Why don't we have a single item or send or photo.
Doesn't really matter.
And off single item and then we're gonna set it up as a container because I do want my little icon here.
So again we're going to use the container so we can place this icon relative to a container.
Then let's do it.
If we as a class of gallery I am je container and then within this container first of all let's place
a image and the image is going to be from the images folder.
And I'm just going to set this up as two or one.
Then let's also add a class of gallery I am G for styling and as far as alternative.
We're gonna say again awesome or something like that.
Now I can get rid of this attribute I don't need it and then I would want to place my icon as well so
span element with the class of gallery icon and then let's have our font awesome.
So our face if a search curve.
And there you go.
We do have our image as well as our little font awesome icon.
Now what I would like to do right now is in fact copy and paste it five times.
And the only thing we're going to change is in fact the value for our image.
So one two three four five and let's start with two or number six then two or number five four and you
get to just three.
And last but not least because we have two or number two let's save it and we have our six images for
the tours as well as our Phantasm icons.
Once we're done with our animal then we're going to head over to the CFS and start styling.